So we now need to figure out how we can fix this particular problem that we have.
We are actually facing in this particular test execution or the evaluation that we are doing at the
moment over here.
So how do we actually do that?
So basically we now have to train our data that we have got within our application, uh, which can
have or handle this kind of data that we are, uh, we are currently incurring with.
So the way which I'm going to fix this particular issue is by supplying some more information for our,
uh, for our document that we have got.
So, uh, over here, the first failure is this one.
So the failure is what is network interception in playwright then it gives us this particular response
over here.
But the expected output is something like this.
Like it should be a bit more, uh, slightly smaller.
I think this is fine for the context.
11 so I'm just going to leave this guy as it is, because it's just about the way that it needs to change
the threshold a bit.
So I'm going to leave that guy over there.
But this one.
Does playwright have native test runner?
We don't really have such information in our retrieved context.
That's the reason why it's failing.
So I need to add this retrieved context.
So the way I'm going to do it is I'm just going to copy this expected output over here.
Maybe I'm going to copy this document first of all.
And I'm going to paste this document.
And over here I'm just going to say copy this.
And I'm just going to paste it something like this.
I'm going to say uh playwright uh comes with native test runner called as playwright uh test uh runner
which handles test uh creation and execution.
Uh, unlike selenium which relies on JUnit unit X unit, uh, something like that.
Maybe I don't even need to give this one, unlike selenium, blah blah blah.
So I'm just going to leave this guy as it is.
So I'm just going to say playwright comes with a native test runner called playwright test uh, runner,
which handles the test creation and execution.
Right.
So this is the data that I'm adding in as an extra data, which is required for our Rag system to work
correctly.
And the next test case that is failing is this one that's created handles the, uh, debugging of web
application.
Uh, so I'm going to say playwright supports debugging through network tracing and stuff.
So probably uh, I'm going to add that information as well.
So I'm just going to say uh document of the page content is equal to this uh over here.
And that's it.
That's gonna do this.
I'll put a comma there.
Uh, cool.
So I have fixed two test cases that I have which were failing before.
And the third one, I just left it as it is because I think it's just about the answer.
Relevant.
So I'm just going to leave that guy as it is over there.
I'm going to save this.
And now this this data is going to be a bit more trained this time.
So this time the evaluation should work fine as expected because our application is now trained with
the with the relevant information this time.
So we will try to run everything from the start.
So I'm going to run all.
I'm not going to upload anything.
So I'm just going to say no for now and look at that.
So it's just going to run all of these one more time.
I think the place where it stops is especially on the yeah, this test case creation side, it took
14 seconds last time and then 10s the time before.
Yeah 14 seconds.
And now the evaluation is running and we will see how the evaluation works.
Yeah there we go.
That's still the same set of failures which is happening which is fine.
And there we go.
You can see that the execution is completed this time.
And as expected this time we only have one failure, which we know about the contextual relevance.
As you remember, the same thing is happening over here.
Um, but you can notice that we have all of the test cases got passed, which is amazing.
And over here the test case three is a bit different.
It says does the playwright has native selenium test runner like selenium.
Uh, it says actual output.
I don't know if playwright has native test runner like selenium.
My previous context didn't provide the information, but specific test runner blah blah blah.
But over here the context which is coming out is uh, is not quite right.
Unfortunately, it says playwright is modern automation library for end to end testing.
Looks like the context which is coming out is not quite right.
It should.
It should not be.
This retrieved context should should have the information that we have passed in.
But for some reason it has not got, which is crazy.
So probably we need to rerun this again and see why this is happening.
But you could see that we have got all of these tests passing this time.
Like now we have 85.71% passing of the test cases, which was not the case earlier while we were doing
so.
If I just go back to the evaluation, you see that the entire test cases are now parsing for us over
here.
And this is where the graph comes very handy.
You see that the we will now notice that our improvement of our large language model is slowly and steadily
increasing, rather the trend going down as well.
And you see that from 4 to 6 to 4 to 6 out of seven, we have improved the test cases execution.
And we can see the entire test case, uh, happening for every single, uh, test over here.
So this is the beauty of the deep evolve as compared to ragas, because you can see that in deep eval.
You can see the entire operation, uh, in a, in an full overview, like how the executions are happening
and how you can test them up.
So that is the beauty of deep evolve as compared to ragas over here.
And I could see that it is quite relevant as well.
You can use the same concept to also fuse the the rag that we have built with our documents.
Uh, extraction.
Uh, over here, uh, the PDF files, we can do the exact same thing, and then we can pass the Excel
sheet that we have got the data set.
As you can see over here, the bias question that we were asking before, we can try to ask this question,
you can create this as the data set.
You can pass it to uh deep valve.
And then you can ask the question from there, like how we did over here in this particular section.
And then you can verify how the testing is, uh, testing can be done.
Those things is like a homework for you to do it and see how you can achieve that.
But that is going to be amazing as well.
Guys, you can try to achieve all these operation, like how we are doing over here in this particular,
uh, deep level, uh, for testing the Rag system and the AI agents that we have built in our earlier
sections of this course.
Once again, thank you so much for purchasing this course.
And you guys have a great day.